#**Submission Rules:**

* Submissions should include a [MV], [Audio], [Live], [Discussion], [Teaser] and/or [Remix] tag depending on what you're submitting. [Click here to see some examples](#wiki_proper_title_formatting)

* Titles should include as much context as possible. However, please do not editorialize the titles of link submissions.

* Simple questions, song recommendations, and song identification questions should be asked in /r/kpophelp.

* Please post group-specific content that is "fluffy" (not very newsworthy or substantial) to the group-specific subreddits. Some examples of this include: Fancams of a single group member, birthday posts, fluff pieces about a single group member (such as "Taeyeon pictures from vacation to Italy", "T.O.P behind the scenes at magazine photoshoot"), or short clips from a group's show.

* Reposts are only allowed if you can't find anything using the search filter.

* Any image post aside from teasers/new member announcements/album related images must be in the form of a self post or posted in /r/kpics.

* Music show performances are now restricted to the discussion thread generated by AutoModerator. Music show winners will now also be announced in the discussion thread as well.

* Throwback posts are only allowed on Thursdays.

* If you post an article that is entirely in Korean, please provide a translation or detailed summary in the comments.

* Blog submissions are allowed but must provide original and k-pop related content.

* Any discussion post should not contain subject matter that is overly familiar to most fans - no "What is your favorite song / album / artist / MV or a [stale topic](https://www.reddit.com/r/kpop/wiki/stale-topics). Mods have the discretion to remove discussion posts that we deem overly familiar, repetitive, or shallow. Additionally, any discussion that falls into the category of "spazzing over your biases" may be redirected to /r/kpopslumberparty.

* If your discussion post starts with the title "Does anyone else..", "Is it just me or...", or "Unpopular opinion, but..." please reword your title to be more objective.

* Don't be mean.

* Piracy is forbidden.

* Do not use URL shorteners.

--

# Proper Title Formatting

When submitting a new post, make sure the title of your submission is formatted correctly!

Use the following formats for:

Full Music Videos:

    [MV] Artist - Song
        
MV Teasers:

    [MV Teaser] Artist - Song

Live Performances:

    [Live] Artist - Song (Date/Venue)
    
Dance Practices:

    [Dance Practice] Artist - Song
    
Audio only:

    [Audio] Artist - Song
    
Remixes:

    [Remix] Artist - Song (remixer)
    
Covers:

    [Song Cover] Artist - Song by Cover Artist
    
    [Dance Cover] Artist - Song by Cover Artist

Variety Show Appearances: (**ENGLISH** denoting that it's subbed in English / **RAW** meaning there are no subs in the video)

    [Variety] Title of the Show S#E# (Date) (Artist) (ENGLISH/RAW)
    
Image Teaser

    [Image Teaser] Artist - Song

Remember, titles should include as much context as possible. However, please do not editorialize the titles of submissions.

Please use the **Report** button under comments and submissions to notify the moderators of rule breaking posts. 

---

If you have any questions about submitting or the rules of /r/kpop, please [**message the moderators**](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fkpop)
